From my last marriage
725 hours have passed
30 minutes and 48 seconds
On this ordinary afternoon
A little caught off guard
I started my next marriage
Happy cooperation with Mr. Fu
Miss Xia, happy cooperation.
Well, the weather is nice today.
Well, it's a nice day to get a certificate.
If there's nothing else, I'll go first.
Oh, yeah, I rent an apartment.
Live with the two of us
I'll send you the address tomorrow.
You remember to move in and the two of us live together
We're already married.
If we don't live together
Others will surely doubt you
Don't worry, we sleep in different rooms
Do not disturb each other
Indeed, since you are acting, do you do the whole set?
If it's nothing, I'll go first.
Zhuangxia dealt with Li Yangchen before
Reincarnated so many times
There are only 15 left
But I shouldn't be able to use this ability in the future
The brat finally figured it out, mom
Good news for you
i
Already married.